DOCAPI-7745: optimize_throw_if_noop docs. (#6848)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/query_language/misc.md

OPTIMIZE TABLE [db.]name [ON CLUSTER cluster] [PARTITION partition] [FINAL]
```

> Supported only by `MergeTree` family of table engines, in which this query initializes a non-scheduled merge of data parts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This query tries to initialize an unscheduled merge of data parts for tables with a table engine of [MergeTree](../operations/table_engines/mergetree.md) family. Other kinds of table engines are not supported.
```

> When used with [MergeTree](../operations/table_engines/mergetree.md) family of table engines `OPTIMIZE` forces data parts merges. ClickHouse tries to find data parts for merging and then merge them. If there is nothing to merge, ClickHouse does nothing.

Reviewer: I'd just drop this paragraph

> When `OPTIMIZE` used with [ReplicatedMergeTree](../operations/table_engines/replication.md) family of table engines, ClickHouse creates a task for merging and waits for execution on all nodes (if the `replication_alter_partitions_sync` setting is enabled).

Reviewer: link to setting?

Author: It's not documented, but it will be.

If `OPTIMIZE` doesn't perform merging for any reason, it doesn't notify the client about it. To enable notification use the [optimize_throw_if_noop](../operations/settings/settings.md#setting-optimize_throw_if_noop) setting.

> If you specify a `PARTITION`, only the specified partition is optimized.

Reviewer: Group this if's in some bullet point list?
